Fix the curtain.
Oh, here it is.
There.
Hey. Hey, everybody.
There. There. No. It's right now. It's
live.
Oh, it's live. Hey, everybody.
This is the first time for me to do
this. I was trying to um see what what
to think here. Here. You move that stuff
out of the way. There you go.
It's the kids.
Do they see me?
Oh, yeah. They see you.
Can they hear you?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear us? Yeah. All right.
Did they see me?
No.
Yes, they can see me now. Good morning,
everybody.
Uh, this is my first time to do this, so
please bear with me. I've never uh been
live on anything before.
I thought I would try it. Let's pray
together today. You know, I just felt my
heart, you know, after I gave that heavy
word last night. Uh it was just it was
just really on my heart to uh come on
here and just pray with you all and uh
see what kind of prayer requests you all
need or um you know if you have any
questions, you want to do a live
questions or whatever, you know. Um I I
just want to let you know uh I'm here
for you guys. So do you see any
questions? The thing is moving so fast I
can't read it.
Good morning. Good morning from Good
morning from Nevada.
Good morning from Nevada. Welcome
Nevada.
Good morning from South Florida.
South Florida.
Father, we thank you for the healing for
the dog's eyes.
South Africa.
We speak life into those dogs eyes right
now in the name of Jesus.
Good morning from London. Good morning,
London.
Arkansas.
I don't There's Wow, that thing is
moving fast, is it?
North Carolina.
There's
Mary and Ellen and Jack are all there.
Edward is here and
Edward Jack
from Turkey.
Well, Father, we just thank you, Father,
for another great day, a time of worship
and praise. We just give you all the
glory and all the honor for all that
you're doing in this earth. We thank you
that you are mighty.
What did you gonna say, babe?
Oh, nothing. Oh, Father, we just thank
you, Father, for the Holy Ghost. We
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single viewer today. We thank you,
Father, for the anointing of the Holy
Ghost that dwells on the inside of us.
We thank you, Father, that we have great
authority.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are
the salt in this earth.
We thank you, Father, for the
manifestations of the glory of God being
on us and in us and around us.
I just feel in my heart,
Father, I just thank you, Lord, that you
speak through me right now. I thank you,
Lord, that I'm anointed to do this. And
I thank you, Father, that you've
appointed me for such a time as this.
I thank you, Father, for the
supernatural manifestations of the glory
of God right now. Father, I decree and
declare healing over these people's
bodies.
We thank you, Lord, for the manifested
presence of God in their house right now
in the name of Jesus. Whatever they have
need of today, Father, I thank you that
you're meeting their needs. Father, I
thank you from the top of their head to
the soles of their feet, they're healed
from from any disease, from any kind of
infirmity. I thank you, Father, that you
said in your word that by the stripes of
Jesus, they are healed. I thank you,
Father, that they are delivered from
anything they need delivered from,
addictions, from from all kinds. Father,
if it's drugs or alcohol or perversions
of any kind, Father, I thank you,
Father, that you've delivered them from
that. You became sick for us that we
don't have to have sickness and disease.
I thank you, Father, that your word is
true.
We believe, Father, for great
manifestations in these last days. For
great outpouring of your spirit on your
people, Father.
Father, we're not afraid of the terror
night, nor for they flyth by day.
Father, I thank you, Father. I know what
you told me, Father. I know what you
showed me, Father, that's coming. But
greater is he that is in us than he that
is in the world. And we're not afraid of
those things, Father. for we walk in
authority over them.
And we thank you, Father, that you've
given us great boldness in these last
days. And that glorious outpouring will
flow over these people, Father. And I
thank you, Lord, that when they go into
the grocery stores, when they go into
the gas stations, that the light of God
would shine on them like like it did on
Moses when he had that burning bush
experience. That the glory of the Lord
would be manifested on their faces. that
the glory of the Lord would resonate all
over them, Father. And that, Father,
that when they go into these places,
even in the schools, whenever they go
into the to the church, Father, that the
glorious outpouring of your spirit would
be made manifest on them, Father. I
thank you, Father, that it would be a
shakina glory cloud would fill the very
atmosphere that in these big secret
friendly churches, Father, when the they
have to have the fog machines and the
skinny jeans, Father, that we show up
with the glory. I thank you, Father,
that the glory would start to manifest
and that people would start having
creative miracles in their lives. That's
what we're believing for, creative
miracles. Father, I thank you, Lord. You
showed me, Father, those angels and they
came out of heaven and you showed me
that the the great outpouring of these
new these new mantels that we've never
seen before. I'm believing for the
manifestation of the things that you
showed me, Father, for the glorious
church that we don't walk in fear. We
don't walk in torment, but we walk in
the glory and we walk in the fire.
And I thank you, Father, for this. I
thank you, Father, that there is a great
manifestation of that fire on us,
Father, to for this for this last
outpouring. It's just on my heart to to
believe for our our our president right
now. To believe for the people who are
in power over us, Father, for exposion
of sin, for the corruption to be
uncovered. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that that the righteous would come forth
and and and and and run for office.
That, Father, our nation would turn
around as as a whole. Father, I thank
you. It starts the
the intercessory prayer starts to hit me
really hard. I'm going to cry.
Father, I just I just thank you for the
anointing of the Holy Ghost
for all the needs that are here today.
But Father, for this nation, for our
nations, for for Australia, for the
prime ministers, to to the people in
Canada that are so desperate for a move
of God, for the oppression that has been
on these people, I thank you, Father,
that there's you're the way maker.
You're the way maker, Father. You're
able to do exceedingly abundantly above
all that we dare ask or think.
Oh father, we thank you for your Holy
Ghost. We thank you for the Holy Spirit,
Father. He dwells in us richly today.
We thank you, Holy Spirit. We invite
you. We invite you in our in this prayer
time.
We invite you. We need We need you. We
can't do this without you. We are
desperate for more. We're desperate for
revelation knowledge. We thank you,
Father, for Ephesians 1:18 that the eyes
of our understanding would be
enlightened. Father,
create in us a clean heart, oh God.
Create in us a clean heart.
Bring bring that fire on our lives, God,
and and burn out the chaff.
Thank you, Father, for the for the
creative miracles. I thank you, Father,
for these people, God. I thank you, God,
for the manifestations of your glory on
their lives. Lord, we just believe for
this,
for the greater works.
I'm believing for greater works. I'm
believing for the great great great
mighty things will take place.
Honey, do you have any questions today?
Carla is asking for prayers for her
friend Nicole, stage four cancer.
Father, we just pray for Nicole right
now. We take authority over cancer. We
take authority over it right now in the
name of Jesus. We command it to bow its
knee in the name of Jesus. We take
authority over cancer. She will live and
not die in the name of Jesus.
And Robert.
And Robert. We pray over Robert. We
thank you Lord. No cancer comes nigh
them. We call a doctor's report to turn
around. We call we call that that that
report to turn around right now in the
name of Jesus. We have authority over
cancer. We command it to die in the name
of Jesus. We call those rebellious cells
you line up with the word of God. We
command you to line up right now. In the
name of Jesus, you have no right to be
in that body. We command you to die
right now in the name of Jesus. Cancer
has to go right now in the name of
Jesus. We thank you, Father. We have
authority over this. We call complete
healing and manifestation of healing
over their bodies in Jesus' name. We
believe this and we believe we receive
this in Jesus' name. Over Robert and
who?
Um I lost it.
I'm sorry. Well, whoever it was, we just
believe that with them right now in
Jesus name.
Uh Gary.
Do we have anybody else?
Uh somebody else said Gary for for
cancer.
Gary's healed of cancer. I stand with
Gary. Gary is healed in Jesus name.
Kaylee is asking for prayer for her
sister Shannon. She can't walk. Brain
injury.
Brain injury. Father, we speak to
brains. We speak to to any kind of
damage.
Carla for another brain injury. And
Carla,
she said numbness on her right side
after brain surgery.
Okay. We call Carla healed. We call
their brains healed in Jesus' name.
Numbness go in Jesus name. We call
healing and and wholeness over their
bodies in Jesus name. From the top of
their head to the soles of their feet.
We call Carla healed. We call the brain
injuries healed. We call any damage
healed in Jesus' name. We thank you Lord
for the creative miracle working power
flowing through that brain right now in
Jesus name.
You got super chat and he's as he's
saying he's having a tough time leaving
the pill addiction. The Lord has been
tugging on me for the past few weeks
really hard and convicting me. I just
want to be full with the Holy Spirit
fire.
Okay. Thank you for the for the the the
little super chat thing. I appreciate
that. That's a blessing.
Cortez family.
Okay. And so, Father, I just thank you,
Lord. Faith calleth those things that be
not as though they were. And we thank
you, Father, that he is uh uh delivered
from this demonic spirit of of of pill
addictions. Father, I thank you Lord
that the the whatever the the opioids,
all the things that it tries to create
new new things in the brain, the
hormones in the brain. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that he is delivered from
this right now. I pray for every person
on here that has an addiction to
something for that is a chemical
imbalance and everything that all the
that that those those hormones and all
the stuff that the the body tries to
mess up with these pills. Father, I
thank you, Father, that they are
delivered right now in the name of
Jesus. Oh, I just saw something in the
spirit when I was praying for y'all.
What's the blue pill, babe? What's that
blue pill?
The uh that that when they're taking it
that that coming across the border,
ethanol. Uh fentanyl. Fentanyl.
Yeah,
fentanyl. I saw that pill in the spirit
right now
when I was when I was praying.
And so, we take authority over this pill
in the name of Jesus. Father, if there's
an addictions to this, Father, I thank
you Lord that they are free from this in
the name of Jesus, we believe we receive
deliverance from fentanyl addictions in
Jesus name. And Father, I thank you Lord
that you're raising up a strong border
on the southern border. Father, I thank
you Lord that we we I know what you
showed me, Father, that the people are
coming from from over there. They don't
even know why they're coming. They're
coming and there's going to be a great
outpouring of your spirit and father
people are going to get delivered and
set free in the name of Jesus. I thank
you Lord what the devil meant for bad
you're going to turn it for good in
Jesus name. We believe that they are
free and they're going to get free even
more free than what they already are in
Jesus name. We're just believing for
this for these people on here today that
there's freedom coming to their lives.
Freedom. Freedom in Jesus name. There's
a whole bunch um
what
uh
somebody saying prayer for lungs. Um
Elizabeth for Elizabeth. Um
Elizabeth, we call your lungs healed in
Jesus name. We call your lungs delivered
from any kind of infyma or or COPD. It
doesn't matter what it is.
HIV.
We call HIV healed and whole and well in
Jesus name. We speak to that virus. We
command it to go from your body in Jesus
name. We call deliverance over that.
Demonic hold over my children for Julie.
Demonic hold. No more demonic hold over
the children from for Julie. Father, we
call Julie free from that or whatever
this is. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that you're you're we are calling her
children free for whom the son has set
free is free indeed. Julie is free. Her
children are free. I stand in agreement
with that right now in Jesus name.
More another HIV and then alcohol. Tanya
and might deliver from alcohol.
Thank you, Lord. Tanya's delivered from
alcohol and and her her her companion,
her friend, her husband, whatever.
Mike. Mike. Father, we call Mike
delivered. We call Tanya delivered from
that spirit of alcoholism. We thank you,
Lord, that they are delivered from that
in the name of Jesus. We thank you,
Lord.
Vince, double ear infection. Vince,
Vince, we call his ears healed, but
double ears pop open in Jesus name. No
more blockage, no more pain, no more no
more hurting in those ears. We thank you
Lord that they are delivered from this
in Jesus name.
Lexi 16 years old with mass in her lung.
Mass in the lungs. We curse masses in
the lungs. We call masses healed and
whole and well from le for Lexi. Father
we thank you Lord. Lexi is delivered
from this in Jesus name. We thank you
Lord. We give you praise Lord. Does
anybody have any questions? Does anybody
have any questions?
I just see lots of prayers.
Lots of prayers.
He gave Oh, okay. We had you got another
super chat.
Thank you for the super chat.
He just gave a sticker. He just gave you
a sticker. Yeah,
Terry. Terry,
thank you. Terry, that's a blessing.
Terry and Black. Yeah.
And then um
Yeah,
I don't see any question.
Does anybody have any questions about
last night about the video I made or
anything like that? I I really after I
like I said after I um delivered that
word, you know, I as an intercessor, I
pray over you all a lot. I pray over the
people of this channel a lot. I feel
like you're my family. I feel
responsible for for you all. You know, I
by by the words I deliver to you and
give you the people who are subscribed.
Like I said, I pray for you a lot. I
pray for the people and um it it's heavy
on my heart that you understand how
close we are to Jesus coming.
They're talking about how the video is
private and they can't view it. You just
you just didn't want to uh
this this video.
No, a previous one and then someone's
talking about um
that and then how long do we have to
prepare?
Oh, as far as being prepared,
Samaria, I don't know how to spell her
name. Samaria. As far as being prepared,
you know, this is this is it, y'all.
When whenever the Lord started speaking
to me even about the gas prices and the
things that were going to manifest with
the gas prices, he warned me I he warned
me about $200 a gallon. I mean, for a
bar a barrel of oil, $200 for a barrel
of oil. And he warned me about this
stuff. and he he he spoke to me. Okay,
so the when he started to speak to me
about even the oil and with Saudi Arabia
joining up with um with Russia and the
things taking place and them joining the
BRICS nations, I saw that this about May
of of last year. So of 2020 uh2.
Thank you sparkle on.
Thank you sparkle on. I appreciate that.
I saw that um you all tell them thank
you honey. I I got to stay on what the
Lord's telling me to say here. Um,
I saw that back in May. So whenever I'm
seeing in the spirit, there's a depth
perception of things. And so you you see
in part, you hear in part. And so a lot
of times the Lord will drop things in my
spirit. And he'll say, Brandon, this is
what's coming and you need to intercede
and you need to prepare and this is and
then and tell the people. So I wasn't
even on YouTube whenever he spoke to me
about this. you know, I just started
this YouTube channel. Uh, and I started
really posting the videos on here
because he told me at the first of the
year and he said, "Brennan, I want you
to start going on YouTube and I want you
to make videos all the time and I want
you to put them on and teach the people
the word and teach them how to pray
because they don't know how." And so,
um, whenever he spoke to me about the
oil and he told me the oil would go over
$200 a barrel, like I said, it was back
in May or so of last year. And so, uh,
we're just now seeing the the first
blades of that, you know, uh, when he
told me, he said, "I want you," he said,
"August the 24th is a very significant
day." I didn't know what it was about.
He just said, "You need to pray over
that day." That's the way he talks to
me. He gives me cues to pray. And so,
when I start interceding, he says,
"Okay, so August the 24th." So, I
started praying over. I told you all,
"Hey, I don't know necessarily what's
going to happen or if anything. All I
know is is that we're supposed to pray
over this day. So then uh Saudi Arabia
and all those other countries are saying
they're going to join the BRICS nations
in um January on the 1st of January.
Well, and then he and then I was reading
an article from somebody and they sent
it to me on Facebook. Uh and so they
sent it to me and they told me, "Hey,
look, he's saying he's not going to
increase uh oil production and they're
going to actually go with Russia and
they're going to slow the oil production
down." So, I was like, "Wow, that's
amazing." You know, we're seeing the
fruit of that word. I don't know if
we'll hit 200 really quick, but the
price of oil and ga gas is going to go
up for what the Lord was showing me. So,
going back to when do I think because I
don't want to get go on a rabbit trail
here. Um, when do I believe this is
going to manifest about the that the
virus and all that that craziness that
the Lord showed me? I believe we have
time. I believe he's telling he tells me
in advance to say listen you to warn the
people and it's not going to be like
tomorrow and the it's going to happen. I
believe we would have a a a a moment of
time to be able to say, you know, the
for what I feel in my spirit, um I don't
want to it's not prophetically what I'm
speaking to you all right now. It's what
I feel in my spirit that the Lord is
going to give us um a season here.
Whether it's a year, a year and a half,
or two years, that's what I feel cuz
remember I told you all I said I
whenever I was praying over 2024,
he was he was speaking to me personally
2024 will be the year you soar. It will
start in September which will be um uh
during Roash Shana and it will be he
said you will not be looking for this
and I don't know if this was a personal
word or for everybody so you can receive
it for you too that 2024 will it will my
the the spiritual year for me would be
for 2024 starting in Roashana going into
Roash Shana of uh of 2023 to 2024 sorry
and so um just praying over that praying
over that here. And I'm not believing
for an economic fallout uh like right on
top of our hills. I know that a lot of
people there was a lot of conspiracies
and things about this fall. And I like I
tell you, I get pulses in the spirit
when I'm praying. I feel like a like a
uh you know, like oh this like if this
is serious and that's why I say how
serious is it to scale to one? What's
wrong, hun?
Oh no. I thought you were looking me for
the next question. I didn't
No, I'm still I'm still trying to answer
this one. It's probably too long of an
answer. Um, I've just never done this
live. Um,
okay. What was I saying? Oh, the pulses.
Going off those pulses. I feel whenever
I'm praying over something about the
fall, do I feel like it's intense? And
that's why I told you all and and I
don't want I'm never going to get
political about any of this stuff. I
hope I'm looking at the camera. I guess
I might not be, but
there's going to be a big difference
between the red states and the blue
states. And so this just being real with
y'all for what I've seen in the spirit
from from
like I said, I'm not going to get
political, but um so you know, as far as
the timing goes, I believe we have time.
I believe we have time to prepare. I
believe there's time. I know that I've
seen things about uh crypto and and I've
not seen the full manifestations on
those things. And I believe there is he
will always provide for the people who
are listening before just like he did
Joseph just like he did the the woman
that had the the oil that had her last
little bit of bread there and she gave
it to the prophet and she swed that to
him and then and then the Lord blessed
all that she had and he said go and get
all the pots you have and she filled
them all up with oil. God provided in
famine. Look in and look here at Isaac.
Isaac sowed in famine and he reaped a
hundfold that same year. Look at all the
things that the Lord always does for his
people for a way out. He doesn't just
come and and just catch you his his
children off guard. It says he's never
seen the righteous for a second or his
seed begging bread. If God will do it in
the Old Testament for for for his kids,
how much more will he do it for you in a
new in his new covenant with us? He
loves us. We we have a new covenant with
Jesus and and with the blood. And so,
you know what? If he took care of them
in the old covenant, he'll take care of
us in the new. And so, I'm just
believing with all my heart that he's
going to provide for us. I'm not
believing that we're going to have the
the rug yanked out from underneath us.
And we're going to be going, man, woes
me. We're we're we're the we're the tail
and not the head. We're not doing what
Deuteronomy said. We're all busted
broke, busted, and disgusted, and we
can't get by. We're all struggling and
all this stuff. I believe with all my
heart that he's going to take care of
his kids. I believe it. And and so I
always want to come across as with hope
and faith and and believing for
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think kind of a God. Then
then God's out there and he's up beating
people upside the head and he's angry
because God is not mad at us. Like I
told you, people are going to call this
a great kabad. And that's what the Lord
showed me is I he kept calling it people
are going to say this is a great kabad
that I that you're going to see all when
this all stuff starts to take place that
I've departed and I've left America.
I've departed and left and it's a silent
time of silence. But I'm telling you, he
said, "I never leave you nor will I ever
forsake you. Lo into the into the earth,
I'll be with you always." He's in us. He
sent us the Holy Spirit. He's dwelling
on the inside of us. So even in our
darkest hours, he's there. He's always
gonna be there. He loves us. But
sometimes we go through some tests and
we go through some stuff because we're
going through the refiner's fire. And I
told you all about the refiner's fire.
And what what I what the Lord showed me
is coming, the things that he's doing.
It's a it's it's a cleaning. It's it's
it's the potter's will. You know, I talk
about the potter's uh the the clay on
the the potter's will all the time. And
it's very significant that what I'm
trying to tell you all. It's a very
serious time that we're coming into. And
the people who are listening to him, the
people are who are following the Holy
Ghost and living a fasted life and
seeking him daily just not on Sunday.
You're going to get revelation knowledge
and you're going to hear him whether
what you're supposed to put your money
into and how to invest and and how to
protect your to how to protect your
family, what you should be buying, what
you should not be buying, you know,
being frugal with what the Lord's giving
you. It's not a time to be stupid with
your money. It's a time to be wise and
be and and be listening for him to be
telling you to do things. Um,
helping your church out, helping out
your f fellow brother, you know, and I
really believe with all my heart, you
know, I'm not a financial adviser, you
know, and I'll say that a thousand
times. I am not somebody that I'm out
here to try to tell you how to invest
your money, but he tells me things and
he shows me about certain things. And
I'm believe with all my heart that that
if you're listening to him, it's going
there's going to be a uh uh an I like I
said, I saw a number with 2%. It wasn't
a lot of people, but it was a turnaround
of things that what's going to happen
for folks if they're believing for him
to take care of them. So, um that there
you go on that.
Edward, uh he that your Potter friend.
Yeah, Edward. He um he gave you a super
thanks and he wanted to ask how long was
when the angel gave you the number of
days
how it happened or something.
The angel. Okay. So I had Okay. I was in
a dream.
That was he said 569 days.
Has when that happened be October the
2nd.
569 days.
Okay. So next question. Are you done
with it or you
No, I I'll go with that more.
Okay.
Um Okay. So whenever I I had the dream,
I had a dream and an angel came to me in
the dream and he said to me, he said,
'There's great judgment coming. And he
said, 'In 569 days, um there would be a
great there will be great judgment
coming, but you are to pray. He told me
to intercede. And he and he told me he I
asked the angel in the dream, I said,
"What is coming?" And he and he he said,
"I cannot tell you." He said, "The Lord
tells me you have to intercede and he
will give it to you in pieces. He'll
he'll tell you in part and you'll and
you'll have to he'll give you more and
more as you pray. And so um but he told
me this it would be 569 days. And so
that was it came about August and then
the Lord told me he said Brandon I'm
giving more time. I'm extending more
time. And so I do not I don't whenever
I'm seeing and I'm hearing the Lord,
like I said, it's just like whenever
Abraham came before the Lord and was
asking for for for Sodom and Gomorrah if
there be 50 righteous and he kept going
down and down. He went all the way down
to 10. Do you see how even in the old
covenant with Abraham, Abraham was a
friend of God. Look how much he gave so
much grace to to even about Sodom and
Gomorrah. And and when you read the the
whole passage and all that was going on
there, that was terrible what was going
on. But yet God was willing even at that
time to give mercy and interc because
Abraham was interceding for them. And
look what he did. He was able to say,
"Hey, listen. If there' just be 10 and
and there wasn't." And I'm sure he was
thinking, "Man, there surely is more
than that in there." But I bet if you
even probably went, you know, it doesn't
say this, but I bet even if he went down
to probably one and it was just Lot,
would you spare the city just for Lot,
but he didn't go that far, you know,
maybe he that's all he felt in his
spirit to go go all the way too, you
know? I don't know. But but I believe
with all my heart, even like I'm going
back to this because I keep going on
these rabbit trails. Sorry. Um, when you
are praying for and interceding and you
have the Holy Ghost on the inside of
you, you don't realize how much
authority you have. And whenever you
spend time with the Lord and you sit in
his lap and and curl up in his lap and
just love on him and worship him, how
much of a soft daddy he really is to his
kids. He's he's not an ogre. He's not up
there and he's ma and mad god beating
people with rods. Oh, you know, he he he
loves on you. He's excited. You know,
I'll be in there and I'll come in and
I'll be, "Hey, Dad, I'm coming into your
courts. I come in and I petition him in
his courts all the time. I come into his
court. Father, how's your day today?"
And he'll go, "Hey, Brandon, it's good
to see you." You know, it's just the way
we talk. Yeah. Yeah. I know he never
leaves us or forsake us, but he was just
excited because I the way I petition him
is going into his courts and just having
that fellowship time with him and in his
throne room, you know, and just going in
there and just talking to him and just
being his buddy. I want to be God's
friend. And so,
and that's kind of like what what you
just got a super thanks from Sean. And
he's he he he said, uh, when you have
your personal time with the Lord, do you
speak out loud to him or is it all
talking to him inside? Should we be pray
out loud? Peace be to you. You're love
this person. Yes, I speak to him. I
speak to him like like I'm talking to
you all right now. I I don't I I'm not
religious
about any of this stuff. I think people
treat God as as, you know, and I and I'm
It's like the priests and the and the
Pharisees. It's weird. It don't It
Church doesn't have to be weird. It just
Jesus is personal. When you start
getting real with God, God gets real
with you. People always are trying to be
all like, oh, you know, and oh, and
everything. Yeah, we reverence him. We
respect him and he's hon and it's honor
and and he's holy. But God is our father
and he loves us. We're not his adults.
We're his kids. We're not his young
adults. He doesn't look at us as adult.
He We're his children. His children. It
says, "You are my children." And how do
you look at your children? That you come
in, you say, "Please come up and crawl
on my lap. I want to love on you." Daddy
loves you. That's the way daddy is to
us. He's our father. He loves us and
people don't realize that he's not mad.
He He wants He just wants us to be his
kids.
Yeah. And then you have somebody asking
um if if uh you might perhaps do uh
online Bible study sometime.
Online Bible. Yeah. I pray about it,
y'all. I I uh
talk
I'm not real big like a theology person,
you know? I like I've told you all, I
have I have learning disabilities that
I've overcome with reading and and
writing and stuff. So, I I listen a lot
of my Bible on the when I push the
button and it it plays for me and I
listen to it that way and I follow along
and that's how I do it. I I I'm I'm just
being open and real with y'all, you
know. Um, but as far as studying the
word, I love to to to read the book of
Ephesians. I love Ephesians. I love
Ephesians. I love Hebrew. I love I love
Romans. I love James. I love I love all
those. And I read them over and over
again. let the Bible read to me over and
over again.
Um, you got an interesting comment from
Anita. She said, "Here in Australia,
banks aren't allowing people to get it
cash out and many bank branches are
closing, losing ATMs in our rural little
town. Some people have to travel over
two hours to get to a bank."
Yeah. It's just the beginning.
The Lord told me, remember when I told
you all, I said I saw uh uh the flag on
the pole and and I saw the dollar turn
and it was a $100 bill on the pole and
it was split down the middle. It was
like a it was it was moving, but it went
it started to fade out and I was telling
you all about that. I really believe
that's what we're about to see. I
believe when Saudi Arabia starts to go
full swing with the BRICS nations and we
see all those countries from um um the
UAE and Egypt and all that happen that
all the oil I think it was like I saw an
article it was like 80% of all the oil
wealth of the world is going to join the
BRICS nations by January 1. Now that's
huge. That's huge because the pro dollar
is in trouble if that happens. I'm just
saying. Um, so I'm not I'm not here to
to what, babe?
Oh, no. No. I thought you were looking
at me just to
No, I'm not. I just looking at you cuz
you're looking at me and I don't want to
say anything because I'm on live to say
anything. I'm going to get myself in
trouble cuz I'm like, are you rebuking
me?
No.
Are you Cuz I'm I don't want to say
anything because I'm like I'm on a live
thing here.
No, you're doing great.
Okay. Because I get nervous. I'm like,
uh, I don't want to get in trouble.
I'm your secretary. I just don't I'm
waiting for you to tell me when you're
ready for the next one.
Okay. Um,
you're doing great. But um so where was
I going? Oh, so I really believe we're
going to start to see a shifting. Yeah.
Will we see whenever Okay. So in in in
January, the Lord said to me, he said,
"You will start to see the beginning of
the digital dollar in uh 2023." And he
said, "It will not come, it will not be
the full manifestation of it. You'll
just start to hear little bits and
pieces and you're going to start to see
that." And that was in that was in
January because the Lord always gives me
a word at the beginning of the year. It
says this is what it's going to buy. But
he said this is not going to be a bad
year. They he said you'll see interest
rates go up. He talked to me about that.
He talked to me about um the war in
Ukraine and things like that. And he and
he and so I don't know I don't want them
to kick me off here. So I don't know
what I can say or what I can't say. You
know, my son edits a lot of stuff out.
Um it helps me. But um okay. So, so you
know, so, so he was showing me about
that and and about what was going to
happen for this year and what it was be
a bad year or not. And so I didn't I
didn't I didn't feel like a lot of
drama. And so, like I said, I started
seeing a lot of people uh start sending
me stuff saying, "Well, they're saying
about for the fall this year, saying
about this fall and it's going to be bad
coming in the fall." But honestly, I
haven't felt a real uh caution. Like,
usually I feel like I told you all I
make sure it's not the spirit of
forbodings and people don't understand
what that is. It's it's it's like
torment. It's like fear. Oh, I got to
intercede and pray, but it's not. But
it's it's like you always walking around
with that heaviness of going, "Oh, no,
what's coming?" But I don't I don't want
to live that way. So, I think making
sure, is this the Holy Spirit telling me
to do this or is this a is this a spirit
that's trying to torment me in fear? You
know, walking around like this heaviness
going, "Oh no, wo is me. Something bad's
going to happen." And so, when I go into
the fall and when I when I when I pray
over the fall, I don't feel that great
like, "Oh, no. Whoa." you know, like
heaviness, you know, and so usually I
get that, you know, if the Lord's
telling me something's about to happen,
this is urgent and imminent, right? It's
fixing to happen, you know, about o
September, October. Um, a caution, a
caution, warning, warning, warning. Um,
to pray over things. What I do see is a
shifting in the in the in the Democratic
party. I have seen that. I'm waiting for
their superstar to come on the scene.
Um, praying over that person. I I
believe I know who that is, but I'm not
I'm not gonna get into all that here
today. I don't think that's wise. But um
you know, I'm just being real. I think
it'd be really stupid. But uh but going
into I told you that the indictments
will go clear into the the the summer of
and that's going to be very serious. All
the stuff with Trump and pray and
praying over that. I saw praying over
his life, praying for him and
everything. And I saw um I saw going
into the fall of 2024 and the Lord had
me praying for the elections. And that's
what I was telling you in 2025, I saw a
lot of darkness, y'all. I'm just being
real with y'all. I saw a I saw a dam of
stuff that was held back. And I saw
everything that was being held back was
going to be released in 2025. And the
Lord I s saw a sludge of all kinds of
poo. It was bad. And I and that's why
I'm trying to tell you all um you all
need to be prepared. And that's why I'm
not I'm not one to be in fear, but I'm
just telling you 2025 is a very serious
year. 2026 is a very serious uh praying
over this. And I'm telling you that's
when I feel the caution. That's when I
feel a oh my god. You know, just saying
we got to pray over this. But 2024,
I I don't feel I don't feel a lot now.
You know, that might change. Who knows?
I I get stuff new all the time from the
Holy Ghost praying. So, I don't I don't
focus on what I don't know. I focus on
what the Lord has told me. And And if he
hasn't warned me about it, I'm not going
to I'm not even going to focus my
attention on it because he always warns
and speaks to me about what's coming.
Pray over this. Pray over this. Pray
over this. And he and he he shows me.
And if but if he isn't poking me in that
direction, then I go whatever. Who
cares? you know, so um even with this
people ask me about Taiwan and all that,
I don't feel anything about that either.
praying over that, interceding for that,
you know. And so, um, and even about the
all all the stuff that I saw on that,
um, somebody sent me that thing about
that, uh, that guy on Infowars, that
thing telling people pray over that
about all this stuff. And I was like,
I'm I don't feel great hype about that
caution in my spirit, you know. And
usually I'm telling you, I'm very
sensitive about this stuff. And I'm not
bragging. I mean, it's all Jesus. It's
all about Jesus interceding and praying.
He shows you if you seek him like I'm
talking about y'all and you and you have
a relationship with him, he will he will
tell you things to come. You start
asking him and seeking him and and and
and I'm telling you never go to him.
What's wrong, babe?
Nothing. I thought you looked at me
again.
Uh no, I'm not looking.
Every time I look up, you look up. I'm
writing and then I'm writing all the
questions down and then every time I
look up, you look up.
Okay. All right. Well, I'll I'll answer
a question. I'll just sit here and
ramble all day. They'll hear me and
they'll be like, "I'm ready to go."
Okay. Um, so
I didn't know I didn't know you were
ready right now. Um,
whatever. I mean, I don't know. I could,
like I said, I could just talk about
this stuff all day, but I
I don't want to bore people.
Jade Jade asked for she's five weeks
pregnant and she has a history of
miscarriage and she just asked for you
to pray to say a prayer for her not to
Father, I thank you. Jade,
she's pregnant.
You're pregnant five week five months.
Father, I thank you that her vine will
not cast fruit before it's time. We
speak for a full-term baby, all healthy,
whole, and well, with a long healthy
life and a good pregnancy. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you cover her in
the mighty name of Jesus. Her womb is
covered by the blood and she will not
lose any ch more children. Father, I
thank you that that she'll have great
fruit. Her fruit will be smart,
intelligent, wise, everything will
filled with the Holy Ghost. I thank you,
Father. At a young age, this child will
start to to hear and to and to see in
the spirit and to be able to know you,
Father, and intimately. I thank you,
Father, for this child, Father. It's a
blessing from the Lord. And I thank you,
Father, that children are our
inheritance. And we thank you, Lord, for
this child right now. We just pray over
her womb. Father, we thank you. Satan,
get your hand off this woman in the name
of Jesus. We command you to release her
body right now and you let her go. You
will not touch her anymore. We say thus
far and no further, devil, let her go in
the name of Jesus. We command, we
command for healing power to flow over
her hormones and over her body. And we
thank you, Lord, this baby will be
fullterm and that her her labor will be
easy. It will not be painful hardly.
Father, we thank you, Lord. You whatever
you're believing for, you believe for
that for a supernatural child birth, you
can have that. And Father, I thank you,
Lord. This will be a supernatural time
and a and a time of rejoicing for this
family when this child comes. No birth
defects, no nothing. Completely whole
and well when this child is born in the
name of Jesus. Um,
and then Martz says he just want to know
your thoughts on what is believed to be
the Revelation 12 sign happening later
on this month. If you have heard or if
you have heard
Yes, the the Revelation 12 sign. I've
been asked that a lot. Now, I like I
said, I'm not a real big Bible scholar
with all that. I know Robert Breaker is
and I love his ministry. I love to look
at his uh videos and his his teachings
on stuff. I love Pastor Stephen. Um, uh,
he has an amazing gift. He hasn't taught
this yet at Discover Ministries. Uh uh I
love the his ministry. I love Pastor
Stephen. And so um
do I believe that is okay. So if we go
back to 2017 and everything that
manifested
around that time frame,
everybody was thinking the rapture, the
church was coming, the birthing and all
that. Now we saw a lot happen with
Israel during that time frame. And so we
had a major event happen in December and
then we had another thing with with
Trump uh declaring uh Jerusalem to be
the capital in May, right? So we had all
that that stuff happen. So here we are.
Here we are in 2023. We have another
manifestation of this uh comet going
through and all that stuff, right? So if
it was a it was about Israel the first
time, why would it not be about Israel
this time? So, here we have the Prince
of Saudi Arabia and and Joe uh Joe Joe
Biden, Sleepy Joe here, saying he's
going to um
have a big meeting in this month and
wants to have it all finished by March.
Well, the Great American Eclipse goes
over the New Madrid fault in April.
Okay? And those that bless Israel will
be blessed. Those that curse Israel will
be cursed. And every single time we've
ever seen a president do something
stupid and touch Israel, we've had a ma
major disaster. Happened with Clinton,
happened with Bush, it happened with
with a lot of folks, right? So, we've
seen the pattern with Katrina the and
what we happened with the with them
making them leave their land and and and
what happened with that and I believe
that was what was that 2004? Uh I
believe that's when that Katrina
happened. Uh and we had that major
natural disaster happen. Okay. So, I
believe personally, I mean, just my
opinion, we will see uh a two-state
solution become agreed upon between
September and and sometime in 2024,
and we will see probably the third
temple start to be re be re be built.
And that's what I believe that's going
to happen. I don't know. I I personally
do not feel the rapture of the church is
coming right as of the right at this
year. Um, I believe we're going to see
some stuff still. I've told you all, you
know, with the things that the Lord has
showed me, I believe we we may see um
some, like I said, we we'll start to see
a a big turnaround of things. Now,
Jesus, no man knows the day or the hour.
He could come back any moment. Could he
come back in September? If if he does, I
believe he will come around Roashana to
Yong Kapor. I believe that's the time
frame during the feast of trumpets. I
believe that's the time frame we're
looking at. If Jesus is going to come
back, he comes back in those those holy
days. That's what I believe. And so, and
I also believe that he will come back
during a schmita year after hearing uh
Rabbi Jonathan Khan and reading the book
the Schmita and all those things and
learning learning about that. The
schmita is a very significant uh time
frame. So, that is the a seven-year
cycle. So, we just left that, excuse me,
we just left that seven-year cycle and
we're into now the first year of it. And
so, from what I understand, we had the
Jubilee. I always I thought for for what
for what I was expecting was we we were
have the rapture of the church last uh
uh September, but we didn't. So, I
believe we have another seven-year cycle
after that schmita cycle. So, we go to
the end of the schmita cycle. The seven
years tribulation starts on a schmita
cycle. I believe that and that we will
see the manifestation of tribulation
happen at the at the be the end of a
schmita cycle. So it could be se six
years from now. So be end of this year
because this will be the first year of
it. So we have six more years going into
uh whatever that would be 20 2020
2029 I don't know um before we maybe see
the rapture of the church again. That's
just my opinion. And so, uh, that'd be
six years. And so, we would see that end
of that and then we'd be getting ready
to go. Maybe that seven years would be
starting into the tribulation going in
from there is what I'm is what I'm what
I'm thinking. But it's just my thoughts.
But,
did that answer that? I guess.
Um,
but about the the 12 about the the 12 uh
about the u
Revelation 12 sign. Yeah. I don't know.
I just I I just think it has something
to do with Israel. If it did the first
time, maybe maybe if maybe we'll have it
again.
And then somebody's asking about
September 23rd. So I don't know if
you've heard anything about Sep.
Yeah, a lot of the Hollywood people
talking about September 23rd. I don't
know. We'll see. I mean, we're just a
couple weeks away here.
And and Gay is asking, "How do we keep
walking with joy after the after after
hearing about that word that you gave?"
Joy is a choice. Yeah. The joy of the
Lord is our strength. You've got to get
in the word. Yeah. When you give a word
like that and you're hearing it, like I
told you, remember when I told you all,
I believe it was it was several videos
back, the Lord said, "There are sobering
days coming, Brandon. There are very,
very sobering days coming." And he said,
"But I but and people argue with me.
It's not it's not in the Bible to be
filled and be drunk with the Holy Ghost
with the new wine. I I I found the
scriptures. Now I got to go bring them
back. I don't have time right here about
being filled with the Holy Ghost. Being
being filled with the overflowing with
the Holy Ghost. That's what I'm talking
about. It's not like being drunk. I I
know a lot of people try to be flaky and
weird about stuff, but I'm talking about
being filled with the capacity with the
Holy Ghost that that nothing's going to
move you. Nothing moves you. Being being
filled with laughter. He that's what he
told me. He said it was like whenever
when I was driving down the road I and I
I remember even the exact spot of the
highway whenever he spoke to me and he
showed me what he showed me about uh
sobering days coming and I remember even
where I was looking at and on the road
in the tree and everything and he told
me he said you're going to have to get
in a place where you're full of laughter
to a a a a spirit of praise a spirit of
spirit of joy in your home. Do not allow
the spirit of heaviness of what you see
and all the drama of the world
fill you up. You watch the news too
much. You watch things on YouTube too
much. All the drama, all the bad reports
continually trying to bombard you with
with the drama. And and you've got to
learn how to put a filter up there and
say, "You know what? Enough's enough. I
got to turn this off." And that's where
I get a lot. The Lord told me at the
beginning here, I want you to stop
looking at all the news as much as
possible. Brandon, you Yeah, you can
look at stuff and that's why I watch
Stephen Gardner, you know, I watch his
channel and he he gives a summary of the
news of the day and I watch him and he
and uh he has a little he has a YouTube
channel on there and I watch him and um
and he he tells what's going on for the
day and I it's like 12 minutes and
that's all and I just go I'm done. I
don't want to know anything else, you
know? And so I don't like to feed on on
the news. Fox, I used to watch Fox a
lot. uh and Hannity and all that and and
I just don't do that anymore. It's not
healthy to keep meditating on that
stuff. So yeah, when you get a bad
report, yeah, whenever you see in the
spirit and you see drama coming, that's
the time to start praising and
worshiping in your house. Putting
worship on, putting praise on, and
getting in the word, you know, and and
and know that greater is he that is in
you than he that is in the world. And
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word of God says. And he said he
would protect me if he he so much he
knows about the hairs on my head. He
knows all about all everything about me.
He knows my future better than I know my
past. Then he knows he he has a perfect
plan for me. The steps of the righteous
are order of the Lord. And if my and and
so I'm I'm believe I'm righteous with
the Lord. I'm going to be with him. I'm
I'm seeking him daily, just not on
Sunday, like I said. And and he's going
to direct my path and I believe he'll
direct your path. He he's no respector
of persons. And so, um, I I don't let
all that fear inside of me. I have to
separate myself from the visions that I
see and and don't allow that to come on
there. I say, "You know what, Lord? I
know you're showing me this stuff, but I
have the power and the ability to pray
in the Holy Ghost and and I can change
things in the spirit." And as far as for
me in my house, we're going to serve the
Lord. And I'm going to put a bloodline
around my property. I put a bloodline on
my children. I anoint them with oil. I
anoint my home oil. and nothing will
come n my dwelling. I don't care. I
don't care what plague is there. I don't
care how big the devil thinks he is. He
ain't big enough to run over my Jesus.
And he's not a run. He's not big enough
to run over my big George. Big George.
He got He got my back. And he's going to
protect me. And I believe with all my
heart. You know, I had a um I'll tell
you all, you know, I haven't told you
all this. You want me tell you a really
cool uh testimony I had? I had and I'm
not going to go into all the detail of a
lot of it because it's not necessary,
but I had a bad report from the doctor
not too long ago about a couple years
ago. Uh, and so they tried to tell me
all this drama and and everything and
and try to tell me some stuff that I
didn't want to hear. So I um they wanted
to do a bunch of stuff of biopsy, all
this stuff, right? So uh I I went in, I
said, I've got to believe by faith I'm
everything going to be okay. You know,
I'm not going to believe your report. I
don't care what the blood tests say. I
don't care about all that. I just going
to I'm going to stand on the word. But I
had a spiritfilled doctor. He was a good
man. And and so he he he received what I
said because he went to church with us.
And so um I went to to to get some
prayer because I needed some agreement.
And nobody it was really strange because
nobody prayed for no nobody lay hands on
me because I don't like people laying
hands on me, you know. And I'll get into
that in other videos about people laying
hands on everybody. I don't you know uh
you got to be careful who you just let
everybody let putting your hands on
somebody. You you don't just you you
know there's impartations and stuff and
some people got some critters and I
don't want nobody laying hands on me if
I don't know you. So I always tell you
now you ain't touching me unless I know
you. But um uh and I and I'm going to
say this. Let me let me tell you this.
So I was sitting in the middle of this
room and a massive angel a massive angel
with these humongous sausage fingers.
That's what I want to say. They're
humongous like those Vienna sausage
fingers. Huge, massive. And he come and
he put his hands on me just like this.
He put his hands around my my head and a
lightning bolt. I saw it in the spirit
because I'm seeing in the spirit. It's
not a full manifestation of an angel
walking in a room. Okay? When I'm
telling you that that's only happened
twice in my life. And whenever it did,
the power of God was so thick I I I
crumbled like a like a like a sack of
tatas right there. Boom. Because I'm
telling you, when the manifested
presence of God comes in your house,
like I'm talking about when Jesus
whenever I see it in the spirit and I'm
talking to him and everything, I've only
had uh two manifestations of Jesus that
way where I where the power of God is so
strong, I cannot even stand up because
my legs the anointing settled my legs
and I just fall on my face because of
the glory of the Lord there. And so a
lot of times when I'm seeing the spirit
like that, I'm seeing over and I'm able
to do it. So and this time this angel
came in. I'm seeing in the spirit. And
he came in and he would put his hands
around my head like this. And it covered
I could see in the spirit. This is cool.
I could see in his the spirit. I could
see his hands touching my face like
that. And the power of God. I could see
the Holy Ghost lightning and went f boom
and it knocked me out and and the power
of God came all over me and I was
completely healed by the power of God. I
went back and I got a good report from
the doctor. So everything was normal in
my body after that. But th this angel
was massive. He had a he his face was
real chunky, but it was chunkier than
me, you know. And so his arms are huge
and the way he looked and when and his
hands and every one of them so
different, y'all. I I you know,
every angel looks so different from
there. There's not one that look the
same. You know, every one of them just
like us, we all look different. And so
God is such a good God. He's so big. And
I I don't know. I just felt like I'd
tell you tell you all that. Yeah. Well,
since you're talking about angels,
Victoria want to know, does everybody
have guardian angels?
Oh, for sure. Everybody has If you're a
born again believer, you got a guardian
angel. And even whenever I believe
there's even one assigned to you, even
whenever you're not a born again
believer, you know what? God has angels
over there watching over people or or be
more people go home early. If there was
no protection even for the people on the
s that were worse sinner, what keeps
them on the earth? The devil comes to
kill, steal, and destroy. You know,
there has to be some kind of covering
that that we that they have that we
don't even know. You know, the
intercessory prayer covers some people.
There's some real rascals out there,
y'all, that are really bad sinners. And
you got praying mamas that are praying
for their kids and praying for them to
turn around. And you never know, maybe
they don't even have it, but God has a
plan for their life. And and even the
people who are practicing the occult,
it's like, what keeps them here? You
know, some of these people are really
dark, but God has a a plan for
everybody. He loves everybody. He wants
them to turn and repent and and to know
him. And so, you know, I'm telling you,
there is a great harvest of souls like
we've never seen before about to hit
this planet. And uh I've seen it, y'all.
I've seen them coming from from
everywhere. And I've saw people giving
their hearts to God. Like a massive
amount of people. They come to the
central parts of America. They come to
these places because of revival. and
they're excited and they're well they're
desperate because of what's fixing to
happen because of what I've told you
all. But they come and they try to come
to the central part of Oklahoma. There's
places of refuge. There's go places.
They're like there's places of of of
restoration like um more than other
places, you know. And so they they come
here and they and they there's food.
There's things for them, water, things
like that. And and and the Holy Ghost
comes and there's there's revival. I saw
fields full of people. fields, not
churches full of people. Fields, not big
stadiums. I saw stadiums, too. I saw
stadiums, football stadiums, ba baseball
stadiums full of people getting born
again
and and big revivals kind of like um uh
Billy Graham used to do when he was
doing his crusades all the way. People
getting just born again like like crazy
because people are desperate. And so um
we're about to see some stuff we've
never we this generation has never seen
before. And and that's why I was trying
to tell you this and I edited over the
last video because the Lord was telling
me he said Brandon there is a lot and
and and y'all excuse me about this but
I'm telling you when I when I was
talking this is what the Lord how the
Lord talks to me. He was calling them
like tickle me ammo prophets.
And so he was telling me he said there's
a lot of people that are seeing stuff
Brandon that is not of me. And he warned
me about this stuff. And he told me, he
said, "There's going to be a shifting.
There's going to be a shakening even in
the prophetic on YouTube. There's going
to be a lot of it." And he told me, he
said, "There's going to when this starts
to happen," he said, he said, "The way
you view the everybody views prophetic
right now is going to be so different in
the near in the near months, in the near
year." So, you know, it's going to be a
something that we've not seen before
that we've heard about in the Bible.
It's going to be that kind of prophetic
people like Elijah. People like that are
going to walk in a power and authority
like whenever he called down the those
prophets of Baal and he burned up all
their stuff and the and the the fire
came down and and all that stuff
happened. That's the kind of stuff we're
going to start to see. People walking in
a supernatural that we've like I've said
that we've not seen in probably hundreds
of years, thousands if not maybe back
when Isuza Street was happening, that
kind of stuff. That was 100 years ago.
But um
that kind of stuff like major major
miracles, major things. And you're going
to see a pro a a prophetic giftings move
like we've never seen before in this
generation, in other words, but like
you've seen in the Bible. So I'm excited
about it. I I I look forward to it. I'm
tell you this, I'm not even there yet. I
I have some see I have to get closer. I
have to get I have to get myself more
more uh ready, you know, the refiner's
fire. That's what the Lord told me
because I was I was talking to y'all
about being on the the potter's wheel
and going through the refiner's fire and
the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon,
you're wrong about that." Because I
said, "Well, once you've been through
it, you don't go through it anymore." He
said, "No, you will always be being
refined until the day you come home to
be with me." He said, "Brandon, nobody
is perfect. Nobody will ever it. You
always are going from glory to glory to
glory. Yeah, you won't go through some
things like you used to, but you're
always going to be being refined
regardless of who you are. I don't care
if the biggest preacher, the biggest
audience, whatever. We're always going
to be be refined. And so, um,
that's what that's what the Lord was
showing me. Any more questions, baby?
Uh, yeah. Somebody's asking, did did you
didn't see a direct city of where the CS
were? Just
CS.
Yeah, the CS.
Yes, I was in Oklahoma whenever I saw
the CS. It was in a grocery store
parking lot. It was actually where I was
at driving down the road and the Lord
whenever I had the open eye vision, I
saw it in that parking lot of this of
this grocery store. And so that's why it
shook me so bad because it was it was
home, you know, and I was like, "Oh my
gosh." You know? And then Casey wants to
know, "How do you help the homeless be
how do we help the homeless be prepared
for the shakening that's coming, the
homeless people?"
I I don't know. I mean, that that
whatever the Lord puts on on Casey's
heart, you know, I know that it's going
to affect a lot of people and it's going
to be very bad. Um, whatever the Lord
tells you to do, do it with all your
heart. If he tells you to do something
to help out the homeless population,
then do it with all your might. whatever
you know and it's just following the
voice of the Lord for you you know it's
very important you know everybody's
going to be different it's going to be
different in Seattle it's going to be
different in New York for what's coming
you know and so um there's going to be a
lot of people affected even in every
area of of any any city it's going to be
it's going to be it's going to be amaz
it's going to not be amazing because
that's a terrible word it's it's going
to be uh very sobering that's a good
word sobering
um James says is the digital ID is being
rolled out in Kenya
right now.
Uhhuh. Yeah.
So, we're seeing it all happen. It's all
starting to happen in Kenya. Digital ID,
y'all. Do you Do you all realize how
close Jesus is to coming back? Even if
Okay, so everybody's been waiting for
2,000 years plus year. Look at that.
Even if it is seven more years, even if
I mean six more years, even if what if
it comes back in September? What if he
does? Do you We're so close. We're so
close to Jesus coming back. Even if look
how fast the last uh with with having um
Sleepy Joe here. We've had him for three
and a three years now.
I mean, look how fast that three years
has gone. Look at that. I mean, it's
amazing to watch this happen. Look at
the process that we've went through in
this time frame. You know, it's been
going it's with Trump how fast that time
went. If it's seven years, this is going
to go like a blink. It's life is it's it
seems like the years are speeding up and
it's not like little time frames here
anymore. It's it's like this year is
almost over. We got October, we got the
rest of half of September, whatever.
October, November, December here. Boom.
It's done. We're done. It's crazy how
fast things seems to be going. So, I'm
excited y'all. Y'all uh Sister Billy
Brim has a prayer conference in October
that I love to listen to. Uh it's in
October. I think it's around October the
11th. It's in Branson, uh, Missouri, and
she does a prayer conference every year.
I would encourage everybody if anybody
wants a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost to
to watch that live stream.
Yeah, you've had three people mention
that. Say, please bring that up
to get in the power to get a fresh
touch. Everybody needs a fresh to get
that fresh oil, that fresh wine inside
of them and get and get stirred up and
and listen to things that will stir you
up. And Sister Billy has blessed my
life, y'all. I know a lot of people
don't like women preachers. I do. You
know, I they the teaching and the and
the uh things that they bring to the
body of Christ, it has changed my life.
Learning how to flow in the Holy Ghost
through Gina. I've told you all about
Gina. She has her her ministry. Gina
Lynn. Uh she does her prayer thing. I
learned so much from these prayer these
women of prayer. from Lynn, from Billy
to to I mean Ra Rachel Rachel Tifa
Teller. You you go back and listen to
this stuff on there. Uh um Mama Jenkins,
go look at Mama Jenkins. Go find her
stuff. I have one of her videos on my on
my prayer thing that I have. I have a
little prayer channel. And so um I put
all my stuff over there. And so I I try
to keep it where it's prayer and so
people can learn how to pray more. And
I'm going to do more prayer videos like
I did with brother Hagen and and do
those because I got a lot of good
responses off that. So I I'm really
thinking that this is the a good way for
me to go and and teaching people how to
pray and to jump in those rivers. I
think it's real important especially for
what's about to happen. You have got to
learn how to pray and jump in these
rivers. It brings refreshing. It bring
and it's like when you're praying in the
spirit like that, you're able to move
things. Like I said, I pray and I go in
in the spirit realm like it's like a
clock and you can feel it. I know when
I'm moving things and you can you can
feel it. It's it's amazing. And so I,
you know, and I want to teach you all
this stuff, you know. So I don't know
how long have I been doing this now.
You've had all you've had I didn't want
to they say they can't hear you like
because I'm asking the question and they
want you to repeat it, but they but
because they can't hear me talking, but
that you're just answering my question.
There's one there's a bunch of people
asking for healing prayers now.
Okay.
Like not any other questions.
Okay. All right. Well, we'll just get
ready to end it then. I don't know how
long I've been doing this, babe.
An hour.
An hour. Okay. Well, I think that's good
for my first time here. How do you all
like this? Has this been fun? I mean, I
I I guess you like it. I I want to do
this kind of stuff. I'm This is all,
like I said, this is all new to me, and
I I hope y'all like it. If if not, then
we won't do this again. I want I'll do
it if you like it. If not, I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna waste my time. I wanna I
want to be a blessing. I don't want to.
Uh Warren says that he had a great
coffee with you live. He enjoyed it. And
then you had somebody from Khak. I don't
know how you say
it's in it's a country by Iraq. I don't
know. I don't know that. How do you say
it?
No, by Russia.
Russia.
Yeah. Was it? Yeah.
Well, for everybody who whoever
You'll have to repeat what we're saying
because they can't hear us. They can
only where everybody's at. I thank you
for joining me today. This has been a
blessing.
Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan. That
is cool. Well, thank you for watching me
and watching this video. This is
awesome. Um, I really am. I'm excited
about this. You know, I was nervous
about doing this. I was like, man, I
don't know about this because I'm, like
I said, I've I've just been kind of in a
person that my I've been like a a secret
little uh person for the Lord. I just
been flowing with the Holy Ghost by
myself for all these years and I just
get on these assignments and I do what
he tells me to do and I just flow with
him. So, uh, this whole thing is new.
All this YouTube stuff and all this is
it's been a big stretch for me. So,
you've had like three people want to
know if you're when you're going to go
back on because they want to bring
family members the next time.
Okay.
So, are you going to do it? They're
saying are you going to do it every
another are you always going to do it at
7:30 in the morning or
Yeah, it's my time of prayer. I I I like
to pray from about 3 in the morning to
until around 6. And then this is another
thing y'all do you I don't understand
why, but it is a very intense time in
the spirit realm from 3 in the morning
to around 6. And it is I I can honestly
tell you, excuse me, if I'm up and I and
I'm and I'm getting around or whatever
and and I can I can tell the time
without looking at the time just by
because of how sensitive sensitive I've
become to the spirit realm and where we
are in that in that time frame. And I
don't know if it's I know it's three
o'clock somewhere all the time probably,
you know, all around the world there's
three three in the morning, but but in
my time frame and in the time frame when
I'm praying over over this area, you
know, and I and I'm looking over and you
can see the principalities and all the
things that when the Lord shows me all
this stuff and I start interceding and
you're coming against all the darkness
and
the spirit room is very active. That's
all I'm going to go. I like I said, I do
not like to talk about the demonic very
much. I do not give those punks any
glory. They don't deserve it. And people
need to understand that. I know I know
people need to know about this stuff,
but I don't like to talk about it
because I've seen how they get puffed up
and they're arrogant and in the demonic.
They they're very arrogant. And so, um,
but they're defeated.
They're defeated by the blood of the
lamb. And they have no power and they
have no authority. And if people would
wake up and realize who they are, we
will be able to do do some things. And
that's what we need to do. They don't
need to be ramro riding us. We need to
go and and and attacking them. We It's
like I said, we're always seemed to be
in the spirit chasing and putting out
the fires the devil devil's put
starting. We need to be on the offense
and stop this trash. They're they're out
trying to start this stuff and start
these fires and we don't need all that
stuff. We we we have a power and
authority that the Holy Ghost dwells on
it. Greater is he that is in us than he
that is in the world. We have a power
and we have authority over the devil.
And you need to know that. I'm telling
you, I've seen it. Listen to this. I I
can I can tell you. I can go on there. I
do this.
There'll be times whenever I'm
interceding and and like you see unclean
spirits and you'll be taking I'll be
I'll be praying over certain things. You
know unclean spirits have a hairy butt.
It's really gross but it's the truth
because I see I see you taking authority
over praying for pastors. I pray for
people and so you see unclean spirit
trying to come around. They're dirty
looking. They stink real bad like rotten
eggs.
And so it spirit of perversion had a lot
of time they stink. Uh I I can't use one
word about that, but um I try to talk
about it about uh uh I'll be careful. Um
uh because I'm on a live thing here, you
know, I don't know what I can say, what
I can't say, but you know, I uh but but
there is a there there's a lot about
that that people have no clue. and uh
taking authority over things and binding
things back and be able to do it and and
and there and and there is a there is a
there is a there the spirit realm is
more real than than the natural realm
y'all. And so um
oh there's stories I could tell y'all
you know uh praying but praise God
y'all. Let's let's pray real quick and
I'm going to go here and I'm going to go
eat some breakfast and and get around
for my day here and um and so I just
want to tell y'all thank you for joining
me and uh everything. God is good. He's
faithful. And so uh let's pray. Father,
we just thank you. Who am I praying for?
Anybody? Any question?
Well, there's EP Christina has um EP
she's whole healing on her left side
from stroke. She has asthma. Then you
have like a lot of thy people with
thyroid um problems. I mean literally
the list like epilepsy as a autism like
a lot of
devil's such a jerk
a lot of healing healings from
Father with all these prayer needs right
now in the name of Jesus
over thyroids over autism
strokes
over strokes
diabetes all of it. Father we just bring
it all up to you and and and we thank
you. You said what you bore in your
body, we need not bear in our body.
I thank you, Father, that you took it
all on the cross for us. We're not We're
not We're If you're begging, you're not
believing. If you're begging the Lord in
prayer, you're not believing. Abraham
staggered not at the promise of God
through unbelief, but was strong in
faith, giving glory to God. He was fully
persuaded that what God had promised,
he's able also to perform it. You have
to be fully persuaded in your mind right
now that Jesus Christ is your healer.
You've got to believe it. Just as much
as you believe that you are saved,
you've got to believe that you're
healed. The same faith that it takes
that you believe that all your sins are
washed away. If you realize how much of
a more of a miracle it was for Jesus to
forgive you of your sins, it's even more
of a miracle that I mean it's not as
much of a miracle for a healing. That's
they're the same is what I'm trying to
tell you all. Believing for healing,
believing for salvation, it's the same
kind of thing. He took your sins. He
took it all on the cross. He took
poverty. He took lack. He took sickness
and disease. And what he bore in his
body, you don't have to bear in your
body. It's all on the cross. He took it
all and he rose again and he set us
free.
We're not under the curse anymore. We're
not under the curse. Jesus has set you
free. For sickness, I have health. For
poverty, wealth for Christ has ransomed
me. He ransomed me. He paid the price
for me. He paid the price for you. And
we're not begging him for it anymore
because he's already done it. Faith
called those things that be not as
though they were. And you got to believe
right now. Faith calls that be not as
though they were. Faith is an act. You
got to start acting in your faith. You
got to start acting. Your mountain has
to hear your voice. You got to speak to
your mountain. You got to tell the
mountain of sickness and disease be gone
in the name of Jesus. Don't doubt in
your heart. You shall have whatsoever
things you say. Mark 11:23 and verse 24.
You need to get that inside of you. You
need to speak to your mountains. You
need to speak to those things and call
those things that be not as word. I'm
free in the name of Jesus. For whom the
son is set free is free indeed. You got
to believe those things inside of you
and quote that out of your mouth. And
you got to stand when the devil comes
with his poo poo package and he tries to
drop drop it at your door. Say, "No,
Satan. Not today. Not today. Ain't no
time for that. We ain't going to let you
do that to us. Nuh-uh. I put the blood
of Jesus up against you. You got to You
got to submit yourself unto God. You got
to resist the devil and he's going to
flee from you. But you've got to do
that. You got to submit to God. God, I
submit to you. I look to you. I look to
your face right now. You're a you're my
savior. You're my healer. Now, now you
then after that, you got to take
authority over it. If he's already paid
the price and he's already done it all,
he's already done everything he's going
to do about the devil. He's not going to
do anymore. He said, "I've given you
power to tread on serpents and scorpions
and nothing shall by any means hurt
you." He's already paid the price for
sickness and disease. He's already done
it all. He ain't going to do no more.
He's already died for it. He not going
to die again. He already took it on his
back. He already took it in his hands.
He got He He was crucified for us for
it. And if Jesus was he took all that
for you, I'm not going to take it in my
body. It's not mine.
So you got to resist it. Be steadfast. I
resist it. When all there else to do is
stand, stand therefore. That's what you
got to do. I will not allow this
sickness and disease to come on my body.
I resist you in the name of Jesus. And
father, I thank you. I take authority
over these circumstances. You got to
speak to it. Speak to I take authority
over uh thyroid disorder. I take
authority over that thyroid disord
thyroid disorder. I have authority over
you. I command you to go in the name of
Jesus. I command my thyroid to speak. I
speak to my thyroid. Be healed and whole
and well. I don't have to be on
medication anymore. I speak to this in
the name of Jesus. I speak to my
thyroid. I speak to my brain. I speak to
whatever you got to speak to that body
part. Speak and decree and decree over
it. I am healed. I am well. Your you've
got to you your tongue, life and death
is in the power of your tongue.
Okay? And so when that power of life and
death is in your tongue, you've got to
speak over your situation. No weapon
formed against me is going to prosper.
You got to start believing in that. You
got to believe in the power and
authority that Jesus has in you and that
he's given you and how you rule and
reign with him. Your seed with him in
the heavenlies far above all
principalities far above all powers far
above all of it. You are you are the he
you are joint hes with Jesus Christ.
You're a son of the mo a daughter of the
most high God. Joints with him. And when
you have that power and authority on the
inside of you, you're able to take
authority over that devil and tell him
to get under your feet. That's where he
belongs. He has no power to come on you
and hurt you. You've got to stand
though. And you know what? He'll come
and test you. He'll come and try to
knock you down with those waves of life.
He comes as a roaring lion seeking who
he may devour. Devour is to mean to eat
whole. It's not to g gobble you up a
little bite at a time. Devour. To devour
somebody is to try to eat them all the
way up all the hole of at just at one
bite.
No, you ain't going to devour me. No, he
rebukes the devour for my sake. That's
why I was trying to tell you all the
importance of tithing. People want to
get all upset about Malachi said, "Oh,
that's part of the old covenant." No,
listen. Listen. If you go through that
and read all that, he's talking future
tense on that. He's talking about things
about a covering for you. He rebukes the
devour for your sake.
That's the only time he ever says he
does anything to rebuke anything for you
is in Malachi. The all the other time is
you have to take authority over the
devil. You have to God's done everything
he's going to do about the devil. He
already given you power over him. Now,
we're all waiting for the God to do
stuff for us, but he's already he's
waiting on you. You've got to speak to
the things you have to. Your tongue has
power. You have power. That's why I
watch over your words. Do not just be
flippantly just speaking stuff out of
your mouth. Life and death is in the
power of your tongue. And so when I'm
trying to tell you all this, that's what
I'm talking about talking about. The
only place in the Bible he talks about
rebuking the devour for you. He talks
about rebuking the devour for you. He
rebukes the devourer for you
through the tithe and offerings. It's
that's how important this is. It puts a
covering over your stuff. And people
don't want to hear that. Well, you know,
and most people you a lot of times
people who who squawk the most about
tithing is the people who are broke and
they don't want to be blessed. But I'm
telling you, I have seen the bottom of
the barrel and the barrel was on top of
us. And then I've seen God turn things
around for us on a on on on a on a just
a financial seed of a $10 giving $10 to
the ministry. I said, "God, bless
whatever I put my hands to will
prosper." According to Deuteronomy 28,
give me a creative idea to get wealth.
Lord, I seek you today. I seek you. I
don't seek the provision as much. I seek
you. He says, "Seek me first the kingdom
of God and all these things will be
added unto you." I seek him, Father. I
seek you today. And I thank you that
you're going to give me wisdom and
revelation on how to provide for my
family today. Anoint my hands to do
something great for you, Lord. All for
your glory. I am anointed. That's what I
say. Say say this. I am anointed to do
YouTube in a way that the world is not
familiar with. All for the glory of God.
Not for my glory, but for you. Start
saying that. I am anointed. You're
anointed to maybe sell a car. Maybe
you're anointed to to to sell houses.
Maybe you're anointed to to be a doctor.
I am anointed to be a doctor in a way
that the world is not familiar with. All
for the glory of God. Start saying that
over your life. I am the head and not
the tail. I am above and not beneath.
You got to start believing that kind of
stuff because you have a greater one
inside of you. The power of the Holy
Ghost. We have dominion and authority.
And not only that, we're joint hes with
Jesus Christ. We have all that. I told
you that. But we're his ambassadors in
this earth. And I tried to tell you all
about that earlier. What does an
ambassador have whenever you go as an
ambassador of the United States or your
country?
They have everything they need
financially. Whatever they need backing
them as the ambassador of that of that
country. We're ambassadors of the
kingdom of God. Everything we need is at
our expo disposal. We can we can call on
angels. We can call on healing. We can
call on on on finances. Whatever we've
got to have, we have protection. We've
got we've got the the secret service
protecting us of the of the most high.
We got his secret service, his big
angels that protect us. We've got his
his treasury. We got his his treasury
department. It's all there. He's
protecting us. He's watching over. He
got it. He has a cattle on a thousand
hills. Everything is his. He He got it.
He got it for you. And he's backing us.
So all we got to do is call on that
stuff. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you out of your treasury department, you
you bring enough finances. I'm your
ambassador in this earth. I got
protection. I got anything I need and
his kingdom backs me. And that's what
you got to start believing. I got My
daddy got it all. He has it all. The
earth is the Lord and the fullness
thereof and he's given it to us. We have
the earth is ours and he's given it to
us. We And then he gave us authority and
power over things. We have it all.
Praise God, y'all. We We should get
excited about stuff like that. There's
no reason to be sick. There's no reason
to have disease. There's no reason to be
bound and bo broke, bust, and disgusted.
So, I just want to encourage you all
today to get encouraged. Don't be afraid
of what's coming in the future. We have
authority and power and to be full of
joy today. Okay? So I want you to be
full of joy. So father, we just thank
you Lord for joy. We thank you for the
joy of the Lord is our strength. We
thank you Lord for these people today
and we just believe it. Somebody said
laugh out loud. I read a comment really
fast all his face. That was funny.
Well, okay. There you go. That's what I
have for you. I guess I want to u let me
let it say my son's going to come over.
Help me. Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart, y'all. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. Our family
loves you. You going to say hi to him,
son?
Hey, what's up, guys?
Thank you for all the super chats and
stuff. I know we couldn't respond to
them all, but I mean, we got we got most
of them. We got most of them.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got Oh, they're Yeah, Kevin. We
got him.
Thank you for the blessing,
Tony.
He
Yeah. Wow. What a blessing.
Yeah,
that's awesome. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you,
Sean.
Yeah.
Thank you all.
There's there's talking to you.
Oh, hey. What's up?
Oh, y'all are so nice.
We appreciate you so much. Huh?
Yeah, we appreciate you. Yeah.
Well, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Have a blessed day,
everybody, and we'll see you next time.
I I'll try to do this again uh maybe
tomorrow. I don't know. I'll see. I I'll
see how everything went. But we I'm
going to do it more often. I I see
there's a lot of people that have come
on here. So, all right. Well, you all be
blessed and have a great day today. Bye.
Bye.